hey guys it's me I'm here too not really
for an engine update but for harry
potter i recently went to the park
yesterday and what do you know i
actually got in to harry potter which
was crazy um italy it's utterly amazing
it really is it's just mountain detail
that makes people put into this project
and all this stuff that's in there and
how like a how close it is to the books
and movies and all that stuff it's
really it's amazing how they did all
this um I did get to ride me up
forbidden journey which is the main ride
there um I have a picture right here of
me on the ride I am terrified I'd
efficacy there we go I am terrified
because apparently I guess these
pictures are taken right in front of the
I won't spoil anything but it's taken
right in front of something that people
with arachnophobia would be very scared
of um and his name starts with an A so
if you know the Harry Potter movies and
guess what his name is and he's right
there i'm here to show you some
merchandise that i have that i got from
there recently and a couple other stuff
and might share some details about the
place the shops although they are very
cool and very detailed they are pretty
small and it's I if you go jun 18th i
advise you go to earlier so you can get
in it's going to render tea before the
lines too long and that just look around
in the shops and if you can't move
around the shops really the outpost is
where you got your wands and i got my
wand right here my one it is it's bold
amours one but because that was a cool
one that i thought was really cool
I'll take it out here for you i'll just
show you this real quick it's that so
that we're seeing world of harry potter
wand at Universal Orlando I'm opening it
and there it is there you go there's the
log very cool you know it's would I
believe it would um I don't know what
type it is but uh this is very cool and
very detailed up as you can see right
here I mean I really like Gryffindor but
this was really cool one so um and of
course he hold it like this I just like
holding it like this that's how a normal
one is held um but this is very cool
it's really light of course it's the
wand if you don't want to paint they are
thirty dollars plus tax so or thirty
dollars straight up I don't know um you
do get annual discounts on these so I
had two and one for my friend and then
one for me so we got him to birthday
gift and all that stuff and got a
discount with the annual pass so the
annual pass does give you discounts in
there if you go if you have an angel
pass the I believe triple-a does too i
don't know that's what i've heard the
you think the as i said the shops are
very small I didn't get to actually go
into Jean ko's um actually I went into
xong cuz I didn't go into dervish and
bangs because it was too crowded which I
really want to go back into their let me
think the I actually did see a couple
stuff in there I saw the the monster
book of monsters I saw the I saw the
three brooms there were three brooms up
to the top and they were floating which
was really cool
and uh I actually got in there for like
two seconds but since I like I said it
was good crowded I hadn't get out and I
did get this let me put my wand back
real quick here we go and I got this and
got the Golden Snitch I thought it was
really cool because i really like the
Golden Mike Quidditch and all that stuff
like they said or whatever that thought
this was cool and if there's a button
here see right there and you press it in
the wings no say it looks like they're
moving really fast on the camera but
they're actually not there they were
going pretty fast on the on here but not
too fast it's cool if you just like that
it's a little collectible that died
right pick up its head a little stand
here for it if you want to mount it on
something so that's pretty cool I won't
spoil anything about the forbidden
dreary ride if you don't want me to if
you want me to you message me and i'll
explain stuff about the ride if you
don't want me to then i won't so i'll
just tell you this the forbidden jury
right is amazing it's very detailed i do
suggest if you're claustrophobic or
anything like that I don't go on the
ride because all everything the right is
very close to you and it's very very
very compact um the right seats as I
said before like right there they're not
that tight um but if you do have broad
shoulders it's going to be a little bit
hard for you to fit in there my dad has
pretty broad shoulders and he was okay
um but yeah that's basically all happy
right now again if you want to admit
message me if you want any details about
the prison during right I didn't get to
experience the flank Hippogriff or the
dragon challenge because I didn't have
enough time if English flow
I got there around nine when the park
usually opens and then I got to depart
probably 911 and and it closes at noon
so I really didn't have much time to do
everything because the line for the
forbidden journey was long and then we
got it round and we tried butterbeer
actually forgot to mention that got a
butter beer mug right here that's full
of patching how but the butterbeer um
this is spoiler for the butterbeer so
just if you don't want to hear this
gents skip ahead just a little bit okay
um butter beer taste basically like
cream soda mixed with something that
Universal put in and the foam on the top
of it is actually vanilla ice cream so
it's pretty good it really is everyone's
saying that the frozen one is a lot
better than the liquid liquid one that I
got I don't know but I I like it so they
do sell chocolate frogs and uh in the
sweet shop I forgot the name this was
that um they do shall sell chocolate
frog as they sell just normally
universal candy in there also they sell
harry potter theme candy they sell tons
of stuff in there um a lot of this stuff
is a bit pricey but if you really want
something like this one as i said of his
thirty bucks without the in the past
discount so we was really cheap not
exactly really cheap herbs expensive for
me by that it was worth it um as I said
any questions just message me later on
all right guys hope to see you jun 18th
at the grand opening of wizarding world
of harry potter but